in a game where almost every character
makes it back to the stage for free
having a bad recovery is likely the nail
in the coffin when it comes to being
grouped with the worst characters in the
game while there are exceptions to the
rule bragging about your characters
tearless spot isn't going to help when
you're getting gimped at under 50%
damage so without any more ranting from
yours truly it's time to count down the
top 5 worst recoveries in smash 4 now me
fighters aside because between you and
me not real characters donkey kong gets
the unfortunate honour of kicking off
our list of baddies although his up
special gets him a crazy amount of
horizontal distance and can be used to
edge guard DK gets almost no vertical
distance at all so if you're about one
and a half decays under the stage you
might as well just hold that L and fall
to your death that only leaves you with
the option to recover high or right to
the ledge but that's just a prime
location for a meteor smash so pick your
poison Captain Falcon is one of those
exceptions to the bad recovery bad
character rule his speed combined with a
large number of his moves having kill
power makes him a decently rounded
fighter but once he's off stage is
pretty much curtains for the captain if
you know how to edge guard he can't use
Falcon kick to get his double jump back
and recovering low isn't a great idea to
begin with anyways
trying to go above or beside the ledge
have fun getting smacked in the face or
spike to your death betcha can't guess
was one level worse than captain Falcons
recovery the crappy Captain Falcon clone
yay Internet sarcasm although again it
has a hitbox on his fist and the hug of
death it still doesn't help them get
closer to the stage which he could
really use instead of two different hit
boxes here's a fun little game
what's the weakest move you can edge
guard Ganon with I'm serious this time
let me know what the wimpiest move is
that you've used to kill Ganondorf off
stage I love to hear about what you've
been able to pull off but we're down to
the last two spots in the bad recovery
Hall of Shame and they belong to none
other than Little Mac and dr. Mario but
who's the absolute worst Mac has a
little bit more aerial mobility whereas
dog has an LP that actually gives him
horizontal distance little Mac can
counter an attack to get closer to the
stage and dog can mash tornado to rise a
little bit Sakurai gave doc a little
upgrade from melee and now he can wall
jump
so can little Matt so the real question
here is why are you letting a little
Matt get close enough to the stage to
wall jump in the first place good news
doc you've lost the who sucks the most
contest
unfortunately for Little Mac that makes
him the grand champion of being bad at
recovering and that wraps up the top 5
worst recoveries in Smash bored
next episode we'll count down the top 5
most mispronounced words and smash or
the top 5 worst characters and smash
four all together
let me know what you'd like to see in
the comments and don't forget to include
your own personal top 5 as well if you'd
like to smash with me sometime check out
my streams on Tuesdays or Wednesdays all
the info you need is on screen and in
the video description below I mean gee
Smash central thanks for watching and
happy smashing